https://github.com/yugecin/osusb2
"omg he's back"
Well, not really.

Consider this maybe my resignation from osu! things. The game doesn't really interest me much at this point. It's been nearly three years since I played much and I even gave my drawing tablet away over a year ago. Heck, even most of the things I did on opsu!(dance) was more UI related than gameplay related, especially in the later stages.

I've had this idea for a while now and this was certainly something I really wanted to make. Most of the time I didn't really wanted to work on it though, I just wanted it done (yeah not such a good attitude). But I found the fun again when finally forcing myself to actually do something (and then wrote hack after hack to make it work). And then took another two month break lol. And now I'm just releasing it like this, I'm done.

Unlike last time, I didn't want to think about the size limit to still make it uploadable as an actual beatmap. So this is kind of like shooting a bazooka of storyboard commands instead of trying to optimize it a bit to have a smaller file size. That's also why you have to run the program to generate the storyboard instead of just downloading the mapfile to run it on your own pc. The video you looked at used a 3GB storyboard file (60fps).

Stuff is kinda inspired from Sean Barrett's stb_voxel_render video, it's a gem, watch it here: https://youtu.be/2vnTtiLrV1w

Anyways so as I said, you shouldn't really expect more osu! related content from me. It's also been over a year since my last video so I guess it's not such a big surprise. I suggest you check out Wieku's channel if you crave more osu! cursordance/custom client/knockout etc stuff: https://youtube.com/c/Wieku He's been making some cool stuffs. This storyboard also runs very well on his client (better than stable).

Oh and I tried running it on lazer, but I don't have enough RAM (I have 8GB). Seems like lazer's storyboarding code is very inefficient today (Feb 2021) to run these kind of monstrosities. It makes me like stable even more, because somehow stable is very memory efficient for this (even more than danser when I tested it). Though Danser of course runs the storyboard the best.

Sigh... yes I know, you could just make this in whatever modeler program you use and render a video and "convert" the video2storyboard... (for the cube scenes at least, not for the airport/plane because those are not simply pixels). Let's just appreciate I wrote a software renderer for this hmkay.

I might still upload random videos in the future, who knows.
Thanks for the ride, although this doesn't have to be the end.

spread love
take care
Robin

Music: "dubstep" by http://www.bensound.com

Destroy the bell, unsubscribe, dislike and delete your last comment (not actual advice).

Hi Wieku, you can also have a cookie.
